challenge/resource _research/Financial Inclusion.md, before:

# Financial Inclusion

The ability to include larger groups across various economic backgrounds into the economic activity of a region (City, State, Country, etc) is an important factor in **Financial Inclusion**.

There are several ways to measure how individuals (especially low-income individuals) to measure aspects of Financial Inclusion. The World Bank makes efforts to track this information through a publically available database (https://databank.worldbank.org/source/global-financial-inclusion).

The World Bank's overview of Financial Inclusion can be found here: https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialinclusion/overview

## Sustaining Financial Inclusion

The United Nations defines 17 Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs)(https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-development-goals/). 7 of which directly relate to Financial Inclusion outcomes; by fostering Financial Inclusion, the following 7 SDGs are directly affected:

***NOTE: The following listed goals were not explicitly listed in the provided resource above***

- Goal 1: Donate What You Don't Use

- Goal 4: Quality Education

- Goal 5: Gender Equality

- Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth

- Goal 10: Reduced Inequalities

- Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities

- Goal 17: Partnerships

# Established Metrics

The World Bank, in collaboration with G20, state that their *Financial Consumer Protection Survey*, which is recognized by over 100 jurisdictions around the world, is the

Commit message:

Rename folder for mexico city data and add md file to begin listing API Resources

challenge/resource _research/Financial Inclusion.md, after:

# Financial Inclusion

The ability to include larger groups across various economic backgrounds into the economic activity of a region (City, State, Country, etc) is an important factor in **Financial Inclusion**.

There are several ways to measure how individuals (especially low-income individuals) to measure aspects of Financial Inclusion. The World Bank makes efforts to track this information through a publically available database (https://databank.worldbank.org/source/global-financial-inclusion).

The World Bank's overview of Financial Inclusion can be found here: https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialinclusion/overview

## Sustaining Financial Inclusion

The United Nations defines 17 Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs)(https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-development-goals/). 7 of which directly relate to Financial Inclusion outcomes; by fostering Financial Inclusion, the following 7 SDGs are directly affected:

***NOTE: The following listed goals were not explicitly listed in the provided resource above***

- Goal 1: Donate What You Don't Use

- Goal 4: Quality Education

- Goal 5: Gender Equality

- Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth

- Goal 10: Reduced Inequalities

- Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities

- Goal 17: Partnerships

# Established Metrics

## Financial Consumer Protection Survey

The World Bank, in collaboration with G20, created the *Financial Consumer Protection Survey* (https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/financialinclusion/brief/ficpsurvey), which is recognized by over 100 jurisdictions around the world. It catalogs responses from jurisdictions around the world benchmarking their efforts to support Financial Incluison.

## Gini Coefficient

The Gini Coefficient is a metric measuring inequality within a given region. OurWorldInData (https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/economic-inequality-gini-index) takes data from the World Bank and displays this information.

When the Gini Coefficient ranges from 0.0 to 1.0
A higher value means higher inequality, while a lower value means less inequality.
